Update LNW + IPsec documentation for 1.8 (#28)
ipdk-io/p4cp-userguide: docs/apps/lnw/es2k/es2k-lnw-underlay-lag.md

#     ip link add bond0 type bond miimon 100 mode active-backup
# For dynamic LAG:
#     ip link add bond0 type bond miimon 100 mode 802.3ad

# Note: Some Linux environments have experienced issues in LAG/LACP configuring and rule programming.

> # Adding a 5s delay between each command resolves this timing issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Adding a 5s delay between commands resolves this timing issue.
```
Grammar error. _Each_ refers to individual members of a group or set. You can't be "between" an individual object.

You could say "between each _pair_ of commands," but why bother? "Between commands" is simpler.

ip link set <IDPF netdev for VSI 10> down
sleep 5
ip link set <IDPF netdev for VSI 10> master bond0
sleep 5
ip link set <IDPF netdev for VSI 11> down
sleep 5
ip link set <IDPF netdev for VSI 11> master bond0
sleep 5
ip link set bond0 up

> # Assign IP address to bonf interface and add route to reach remote IP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Assign IP address to bond interface and add route to reach remote IP
```
